REASON AND FREEDOM
==================

There are, fundamentally, only ...two causes which you will find at the root
of any happy, benevolent, progressive era in human history. One cause is
psychological, the other existential--or: one pertains to man's consciousness,
the other to the physical conditions of his existence. The first is _reason_,
the second is _freedom_. And when I say _"freedom,"_ I do not mean poetic
sloppiness, such as "freedom from want" or "freedom from fear" or "freedom
from the necessity of earning a living." I mean "_freedom from
compulsion_--freedom from rule by _physical force_." Which means: _political_
freedom.

These two--reason and freedom--are corollaries, and their relationship is
reciprocal: when men are rational, freedom wins; when men are free, reason
wins.

Their antagonists are: _faith_ and _force_. These, also, are corollaries:
every period of history dominated by mysticism, was a period of statism, of
dictatorship, of tyranny. Look at the Middle Ages--and look at the political
systems of today.

...[L]adies and gentlemen, _capitalism and altruism are incompatible._

Make no mistake about it--and tell it to your Republican friends: capitalism
and altruism cannot coexist in the same man or in the same society.

Tell it to anyone who attempts to justify capitalism on the ground of the
"public good" or the "general welfare" or "service to society" or the benefit
it brings to the poor. All these things are true, but they are by-products,
the secondary consequences of capitalism--not its goal, purpose or moral
justification. The moral justification of capitalism is man's right to exist
for his own sake, neither sacrificing himself to others nor sacrificing others
to himself; it is the recognition that man--every man--is an end in himself,
not a means to the ends of others, not a sacrificial animal serving anyone's
need.

-- Rand, Ayn. 1960. _Faith and Force: The Destroyers of the Modern World_.
