
CANADA
======

IF SOMEONE SAYS 'ARE YOU OKAY' YOU SAY?
---------------------------------------

Serves You Fucking Right - The Lies


HOW WOULD YOU DESCRIBE YOURSELF?
--------------------------------

The Funeral Portrait - Opeth


WHAT DO YOU LOOK FOR IN A GUY/GIRL?
-----------------------------------

Even You - Dinosaur Jr

_Appropriate lyrics, anyways_


HOW DO YOU FEEL TODAY?
----------------------

Derelict Herds - Opeth


WHAT IS YOUR LIFE'S PURPOSE?
----------------------------

Hope Leaves - Opeth

_What's up with all the Opeth? I do have a shitload on my Space mp3 phaser._


WHAT'S YOUR MOTTO?
------------------

Home - Depeche Mode

_I_ am _a shut-in._


WHAT DO YOUR FRIENDS THINK OF YOU?
----------------------------------

Ruglen Holon - Aphex Twin

_That's about right._


WHAT DO YOUR PARENTS THINK OF YOU?
----------------------------------

Bunkhouse - The Murder City Devils

_Ha_


WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT VERY OFTEN?
-----------------------------------

Flash of the Blade - Iron Maiden


WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT YOUR FIRST KISS?
----------------------------------------

Sea - Low


WHAT DO YOU THINK OF YOUR BEST FRIEND?
--------------------------------------

Fuck Machine - Propagandhi

_HA! Mr. Randolfini_


WHAT IS YOUR LIFE STORY?
------------------------

Untitled #6 - Sigur R&#x00f3;s


WHAT DO YOU WANT TO BE WHEN YOU GROW UP?
----------------------------------------

Fuck! - Propagandhi


WHAT DO YOU THINK WHEN YOU SEE THE PERSON YOU LIKE?
---------------------------------------------------

Screen Me - Turnus


WHAT WILL YOU DANCE TO AT YOUR WEDDING?
---------------------------------------

Dael - Autechre

_Catchy_


WHAT WILL THEY PLAY AT YOUR FUNERAL?
------------------------------------

Single File - Elliott Smith


WHAT IS YOUR HOBBY/INTEREST?
----------------------------

Fall Apart - Avail


WHAT IS YOUR BIGGEST FEAR?
--------------------------

Crazy Nights - Therion


WHAT IS YOUR BIGGEST SECRET?
----------------------------

Beneath the Mire - Opeth


WHAT DO YOU WANT RIGHT NOW?
---------------------------

Manchester United - The Giraffes

_HA! The whole team! At once!_


WHAT DO YOU THINK OF YOUR FRIENDS?
----------------------------------

Red Ran Amber - Pelican


HOW WILL YOUR CHILDREN MOST EMBARRASS YOU?
------------------------------------------

A message of avarice rained rained down upon us and carried us away
into false dreams of endless riches - Red Sparowes

_Fitting_


WHAT WILL BE THE FIRST THING ST PETER TELLS YOU AT THE PEARLY GATES?
--------------------------------------------------------------------

The Lying Lies and Dirty Secrets of Miss Erica Court - Coheed and Cambria


WHAT WILL YOU POST THIS AS?
---------------------------

Canada - Shellac

